---
layout: post
title:  "Yoda's Enemy! Chapter II: Owl post 🦉"
---

They woke up early in the morning. The sun was shining bright on Obi-wan's window. Obi-wan thought to himself "That was just a dream, I dreamed that my ship crashed at Hogworts and that I made friends with Dumbledore. He opened his eyes.He looked around himself. He was in a room with a beautiful carpet. He got up and gasped. He had looked above him and had seen on the top of his bed another bed and sleeping on top of the bed above his was a bearded old man! The man looked strangly familmar. The man suddenly said to him "Why so early Obi-wan?". The man knew his name! Obi-Wan said "Who are you? And why do you know my name?". Dumbledore said "Don't you remember me? I'm Dumbledore. This is _not_ a dream.". Obi-Wan shook his head. Dumbledore said "Whatever you do, this is not a dream. This is real. First things first; lets eat our breakfast!". Dumbledore continued 

Today's breakfast is: French toast, shortbread, chocolate frogs, eggs, bacon, fat-free milk, 1% fat milk, whole milk, and Hogwarts pudding!".
After "breakfast", Obi-Wan, R2-D2, the Jedi team, and Dumbledore talked in the meeting room. "Do you want to stay?" asked Dumbledore; "Or we get your ship repaired and you leave?" continued Dumbledore. "We want to leave." said Obi-wan. "Ok but at least have some tea would you?" said Dumbledore. After the tea party, this is what happened: "We changed our mind;" said Obi-wan, "We want to stay. We can defeat evil villains together.💪" "Hmmmmm, I suppose that'll be OK", said Dumbledore. "Hallelujah!!!!" said Obi-wan.    
  "If we are going to fight villans then lets get started! There is no time to waste" said Dumbledore importantly. "Agreed." said Obi-Wan truthfully. Then Obi-Wan's crew appeared behind their boss. "Do you need us boss?" they asked. "Actually I do." said Obi-Wan. The crew blinked exitedly at this and waited for instructions from their leader. "I want you to alert everyone in here and meet us in the entrence hall at 3:25 p.m. - 3:30 p.m. ok? Can you do that for us?" continued Obi-Wan. "Yes boss" the crew said. "May I ask you why boss?" said the crew. Obi-Wan and Dumbledore exchanged awkward glances. "We need a plan." said Obi-Wan to his crew. Then the crew left without another word. 
